[Documentation] [General Template] Transformers QnA (#736)
neuralmagic/sparseml: src/sparseml/transformers/README_question_answer.md

- **Sparsification of Popular Transformer Models** - easily sparsify any of the popular Hugging Face transformer models. 
- **Sparse Transfer Learning** - fine-tune a sparse backbone model (or use one of our [sparse pre-trained models](https://sparsezoo.neuralmagic.com/?page=1&domain=nlp&sub_domain=question_answering)) on your own, private dataset.

## Installation
*Description of minimal requirements to run the pipeline.*

```pip install sparseml[torch]```

It is recommended to run Python 3.8 as some of the scripts within the transformers repository require it.

Note: Transformers will not immediately install with this command. Instead, a sparsification-compatible version of Transformers will install on the first invocation of the Transformers code in SparseML.

## Tutorials
*Pointer to any existing tutorials published on neuralmagic.com.*
- [Sparsifying BERT Models Using Recipes](https://github.com/neuralmagic/sparseml/blob/main/integrations/huggingface-transformers/tutorials/sparsifying_bert_using_recipes.md)
- [Sparse Transfer Learning With BERT](https://github.com/neuralmagic/sparseml/blob/main/integrations/huggingface-transformers/tutorials/bert_sparse_transfer_learning.md)

> ## Getting started

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Getting Started
```

```python
sparseml.transformers.question_answering \
  --model_name_or_path bert-base-uncased \          # name of the Hugging Face dense model
  --dataset_name squad \                            # name of the dataset we want to sparse train on
  --do_train \                                      # run training
  --do_eval \                                       # run evaluation on validation set 
  --output_dir './output' \                         # output directory of the saved model
  --cache_dir cache \                               # local directory to store the downloaded hugging face model."   
  --distill_teacher disable \                       # disable knowledge destillation
  --recipe zoo:nlp/question_answering/bert-base/pytorch/huggingface/squad/pruned-aggressive_98          
```

### Sparse Transfer Learning

Once you sparsify a model using SparseML, you can easily sparse fine-tune it on a new dataset.
While you are free to use your backbone, we encourage you to leverage one of our [sparse pre-trained models](https://sparsezoo.neuralmagic.com) to boost your productivity!

> In the example below, we fetch a pruned, quantized BERT model, pre-trained on Wikipedia and Bookcorpus datasets. We then fine tune the model to the SQuAD dataset. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the example below, we fetch a pruned, quantized BERT model, pre-trained on Wikipedia and Bookcorpus datasets. We then fine-tune the model to the SQuAD dataset. 
```

```python
sparseml.transformers.question_answering \
    --model_name_or_path zoo:nlp/masked_language_modeling/bert-base/pytorch/huggingface/wikipedia_bookcorpus/12layer_pruned80_quant-none-vnni \
    --dataset_name squad \
    --do_train \
    --do_eval \
    --output_dir './output' \ 
    --distill_teacher disable \
    --recipe zoo:nlp/masked_language_modeling/bert-base/pytorch/huggingface/wikipedia_bookcorpus/12layer_pruned80_quant-none-vnni?recipe_type=transfer-question_answering \
```

#### Knowledge Distillation
By modifying the `distill_teacher` argument, you can enable [Knowledge Destillation](https://neptune.ai/blog/knowledge-distillation) (KD) functionality.

In this example, the `--distill_teacher` argument is set to pull a dense SQuAD model from the SparseZoo to enable it to run independently of the dense teacher step:

```bash
--distill_teacher zoo:nlp/question_answering/bert-base/pytorch/huggingface/squad/base-none
```

> Alternatively, the user may decide to train their own dense teacher model. The following command will use the dense BERT base model from the SparseZoo and fine-tune it on the SQuAD dataset.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Alternatively, the user may decide to train their own dense teacher model. The following command uses the dense BERT base model from the SparseZoo and fine-tunes it on the SQuAD dataset.
```

```bash
sparseml.transformers.question_answering \
    --model_name_or_path zoo:nlp/masked_language_modeling/bert-base/pytorch/huggingface/wikipedia_bookcorpus/base-none \
    --dataset_name squad \
    --do_train \
    --do_eval \
    --output_dir models/teacher \
    --recipe zoo:nlp/masked_language_modeling/bert-base/pytorch/huggingface/wikipedia_bookcorpus/base-none?recipe_type=transfer-question_answering 
```

Once the dense teacher is trained we may reuse it for KD. This only requires passing the path to the directory with the model:

```bash
--distill_teacher models/teacher
```

## SparseML CLI
*This section should explain the functionality of the most important parameters of the CLI. The goal is not to teach the user about every argument, but to make it easy for them to tweak the crucial ones.*

> The SparseML installation provides a CLI for sparsifying your models for a specific task; appending the `--help` argument will provide a full list of options for training in SparseML:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The SparseML installation provides a CLI for sparsifying your models for a specific task; appending the `--help` argument displays a full list of options for training in SparseML:
```

### Exporting the Sparse Model to ONNX

*This subsection should explain to the user how to export their trained, sparse model to ONNX format.*

The DeepSparse Engine uses the ONNX format to load neural networks and then deliver breakthrough performance for CPUs by leveraging the sparsity and quantization within a network.

The SparseML installation provides a `sparseml.transformers.export_onnx` command that you can use to load the training model folder and create a new `model.onnx` file within. Be sure the `--model_path` argument points to your trained model. 
```bash
sparseml.transformers.export_onnx \
    --model_path './output' \
    --task 'question-answering' \
```

### DeepSparse Engine Deployment

*No pipeline is complete without its integration with the DeepSparse Engine. This chapter should communicate to the user,
that they can eventually use their ONNX model to deploy the network using the DeepSparse Engine and benefit from GPU-class performance
on their CPU! Let's make this section short, referencing internal DeepSparse docs as much as possible.* 

Once the model is exported an ONNX format, it is ready for deployment with the DeepSparse Engine. 

> The deployment is intuitive and simple thanks to DeepSparse Python API.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The deployment is intuitive due to the DeepSparse Python API.
```

```python
from deepsparse.transformers import pipeline

qa_pipeline = pipeline(
  task="question-answering", 
  model_path='./output'
)

inference = qa_pipeline(question="What's my name?", context="My name is Snorlax")

>> {'score': 0.9947717785835266, 'start': 11, 'end': 18, 'answer': 'Snorlax'}
```

> To learn more, please refer to the [appropriate documentation in the DeepSparse repository](https://github.com/neuralmagic/deepsparse/tree/main/examples/huggingface-transformers)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To learn more, refer to the [appropriate documentation in the DeepSparse repository](https://github.com/neuralmagic/deepsparse/tree/main/examples/huggingface-transformers)
```
